frost of the sun no visibility limited
it would seem necessary to be doubly
attentive especially on rail
move
but in these conditions some drivers
manage to slip on red
that i broke moved on prohibiting
traffic signal through the train moving
have seen that the red light does not light up
noticed how are you so careless
moved we drop work is full and
trapping thousands of people at work
everybody is late with the idea but it's not
expose your and others' lives
danger
another violator admit his guilt
this driver refuses
accordingly, realizing that behind me
moving vehicle and not
I need to temporarily stop me
I realized that I do not have time to do
i'm becoming anyway on the barriers and
accordingly you must rewrite before
accordingly it was decided
move on, the time has come
video analysis
have rams talking about and here's our axis barrier
how many meters there are hunger barrier
well again how many despite
violation obviously means or fine 1000
rubles or deprivation of rights from 3 to 6
months
I have no words to say
I agree neither lupus before me that
want to do next then he is somewhat
changing but I did not see either red
barrier furniture and because the car
stream that's how they got before it
everything is close you understand well and who do you
it interferes with this direct duty
the driver watch the signs and
traffic lights and distance between
by cars
especially on
at a road crossing remember brake
the track is almost 800 meters